Rhonda S: Morning.
Rhonda S: I'm good, how are you
Richelle Direny: I'm good, I'm good.
Richelle Direny: Today,
Rhonda S: Yeah, I woke up late in forgot I had the appointment to wrap before nine o'clock.
Richelle Direny: Oh yeah, he's still remembered in good time, because I'm
Richelle Direny: It if you're logged in, like 15 minutes early so
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: As I said today is a, it's a by we're going to link your history, um, it's kind of like in from gathering information.
So what we're doing today.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: How it. How is your week. How was everything since I met
Rhonda S: Again and again
Richelle Direny: And were you able to implement some of the recommendations in terms of like, you know, when you're feeling overwhelmed.
Rhonda S: I hear you.
Richelle Direny: I said, were you able to, you know, think about or implement any of the
Richelle Direny: Suggestions you know when you're feeling overwhelmed. I know you don't know you recently just so afraid of is that a year on your husband's passing
Rhonda S: Well, I
Rhonda S: Hadn't thought much about it. I was just trying to try to forget little bit but and
Rhonda S: My name about it, but I guess it's okay, like you said,
Richelle Direny: Is totally foreign to
Richelle Direny: Okay, so, um, let's just go through
Richelle Direny: Let's just get started with on
Richelle Direny: For five minutes or an hour and then we'll schedule your session.
Richelle Direny: Just in case.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Your next session. I wouldn't be able to do until
Richelle Direny: The second week of May.
Richelle Direny: In
Richelle Direny: The Second Coming.
Richelle Direny: Which would
Richelle Direny: Be today. Yeah.
Rhonda S: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Which could be
Richelle Direny: Well then let's do I'm going to do with the fourth time one day at nine o'clock, and if I have to change it. Then I'll let you know.
Rhonda S: Okay.
Richelle Direny: You've been staying indoors.
Rhonda S: Yeah yeah pretty manage
Richelle Direny: Your kids, they'll just call you to check in to see how you're doing.
Rhonda S: Yeah yeah
Rhonda S: Every day.
Richelle Direny: I still see them.
Richelle Direny: Right. So tell me a little bit about
Richelle Direny: How, how did you hear about the program.
Rhonda S: And mix it up on
Richelle Direny: Okay, you
Rhonda S: Gotta find somebody that would take my insurance.
Rhonda S: You. Our first one to county
Rhonda S: San Diego with you.
Richelle Direny: Now, just with that being said, like if you could just give me a little bit of history around
Richelle Direny: You know, when did you like, what is your drink of choice. How long did it start
What was
Rhonda S: This page.
Rhonda S: Spread out 13 years. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, what was surrounding little what was surrounding that 13 years ago when you got started, just give me a little background. This is like a getting to know you. So we can eventually build up on your treatment plan and just kind of our times.
Rhonda S: And I started into the pain clinic and then I was
Rhonda S: Actually more nasty children.
Rhonda S: And then what shut down.
Rhonda S: A year ago, then
Rhonda S: That's when you got real bad.
Richelle Direny: You said that you were on what kind of
Rhonda S: Phone is our panelists and also called on also
Richelle Direny: Okay, and what was going on. Where do you have like a surgery. Did you have an
Rhonda S: Accident well. Awesome.
Richelle Direny: Are you got into a car accident.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, um,
Richelle Direny: And so you kind of in just taking the medication. When did you recognize or when did you come to
Richelle Direny: To acknowledge that you have become
Richelle Direny: Dependent
On
Rhonda S: Wow.
Rhonda S: Five years after that. But just keep on taking off as I can get. Gnome and
Rhonda S: Then it got real bad. And I realized it in a relationship now.
Richelle Direny: And is this your first term seeking assistance in
Rhonda S: Now, adding into I was seeing with the clinic here where I live. And I had to pay to see them and plus pay for my medicine.
Rhonda S: Ideals
Richelle Direny: So, um,
Richelle Direny: So then in that wherever you were, you were in treatment prior to this.
Richelle Direny: Yes. Okay. And that was the only time you've been in treatment prior to this.
Rhonda S: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And how long ago was that
Rhonda S: I started a year ago.
Richelle Direny: A year ago, so you're no longer in that program.
Rhonda S: Now, yeah. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Wasn't a weather.
Rhonda S: It was I went to a starting point. And I've had several names and they switched it again. I don't know exactly what the name of it is
Richelle Direny: To keep switching if you switch and
Rhonda S: Then they switch the names like four times since I've been there within a year.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, that's been found.
Rhonda S: That looks bad on them. I mean, it just
Rhonda S: Yeah, they've switched it like four times since I've been there that's been just a year ago.
Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: And did you know it was it like a program where you were just going for group therapy or were you going for.
Rhonda S: I went for my smartphone on. I had to say. Cancel also
Richelle Direny: And you were seeing a counselor, a weekly, monthly her often
Rhonda S: As massively
Richelle Direny: So even with the even with going to the program. It was all you're only going one summer.
Rhonda S: Yeah.
Rhonda S: When I first started. Now, when I first started, I was going wants to wait.
Rhonda S: And then it went every two weeks and then got to once a month.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. So you were really consistent in going
Yes.
Rhonda S: I never missed appointments or anything. I was always there.
Richelle Direny: Okay, um,
Richelle Direny: Have you ever, um, you know,
Richelle Direny: Then
Richelle Direny: Is there any other drug that you've ever tried like with alcohol on our side of the pills. Have you ever tried anything else.
Rhonda S: Yeah, massive fan of me.
Richelle Direny: Enemy and how long ago was that
Rhonda S: Bad last six months ago.
In
Richelle Direny: Unless the only thing in terms of in terms of substances or anything like that. Yeah, and was the last time that you
Richelle Direny: Use the methamphetamine.
Rhonda S: That six months.
Richelle Direny: OK, so the only thing you just you smoke. Right.
Rhonda S: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay, how many packs of cigarettes.
Rhonda S: At about 12 a day now.
Rhonda S: A new packs from two packs for that well.
Richelle Direny: So now you to 12 packs a day.
Rhonda S: Now just to have a cigarette.
Richelle Direny: Oh, wow.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so it's just to back for that. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Um, do you have any underlying medical conditions.
Rhonda S: And I have had cancer before and I had to have chemo and
Rhonda S: Back and not to add at and and I had cancer and then I had cancer like four years ago.
Richelle Direny: So you've had to go to
Richelle Direny: The same
Richelle Direny: Or different
Rhonda S: And now different. One was cervical and then I had had chemo idea when I
Rhonda S: And then I had a timer on my mic that was the man so I'm
Richelle Direny: Over in your in your currently you're not working right.
Rhonda S: Now I'm on disability.
Or
Richelle Direny: Now, let's see. Do you
Richelle Direny: Know outside of the you're not on any anything outside of the oxy codeine right that's being prescribed to you through us.
Richelle Direny: Hold on the smartphone.
Rhonda S: Is prescribed change.
Rhonda S: That just now and Prozac and I get it.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now it's in
Richelle Direny: And I know your husband just passed away a year ago from cancer and
Richelle Direny: Yeah okay now in terms of psychiatric history where you ever diagnosed with anxiety, depression,
Richelle Direny: You're diagnosed with what which one
Rhonda S: Is it in depression. I had a nervous breakdown.
Rhonda S: Back in 1990
Rhonda S: And that's when I was diagnosed
Richelle Direny: And what was surrounding the nervous breakdown. Like what precluded the
Rhonda S: My husband and being half how like
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: And and so that's when you had the you're diagnosed with anxiety and depression.
Rhonda S: Uh huh. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Um, were you seeing a psychiatrist.
Rhonda S: I had that Dan at rich view and that hours relation it in 2000 and take. I said, you know, just go get my medicine and it was it
Rhonda S: That I was on and cynics and I'm not taken anymore because I reckon it's not a good combination
Richelle Direny: You said the vertex
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: Now you said this is the psychiatrist that was prescribing designer.
Richelle Direny: When you told him that you were on the Suboxone did he was a Muslim nations.
Rhonda S: They, they take me down off of it until lately.
Richelle Direny: So you're not that
Rhonda S: I've taken it that long, and then
Rhonda S: They sit at wet and a good combination to be
Richelle Direny: So you're not any form of anti anxiety medication or inside a person
Rhonda S: No justice just a Prozac.
Richelle Direny: There's the Prozac and you often do you see your psychiatrist.
Rhonda S: And don't don't say I'm a
Richelle Direny: Broker
Rhonda S: To come back if I if I need filming.
Rhonda S: That other than that I don't have to say.
Richelle Direny: And what about the
Richelle Direny: What about you don't see a counselor outside
Now,
Richelle Direny: When you were seeing the psychiatry. The only time you were seeing a counselor was when you were at that program for point
Yes.
Richelle Direny: And is there any family history of mental illness.
Rhonda S: And no
Richelle Direny: Parents
Richelle Direny: Or parents or grandparents.
Rhonda S: Now,
Richelle Direny: See you have siblings.
Rhonda S: Yes.
Rhonda S: And actually they were Tina, is that, yeah. None of them had anything like that.
Richelle Direny: Or other ones.
Rhonda S: Now,
Rhonda S: There's $4 a gallon already
Rhonda S: The sisters and two brothers. It's already past
Richelle Direny: two sisters and two brothers.
Richelle Direny: Okay and and those were like we had a medical condition.
Rhonda S: And everyone. Awesome.
Richelle Direny: Oh, wow. So cancer is pretty prevalent.
Yeah.
Rhonda S: Baby and dating so that
Richelle Direny: Shows how strong you are you're strong woman much time going
Richelle Direny: Through it
Rhonda S: That's what lessons and
Richelle Direny: How many children do you have
Two Boys.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and neither one of them have any kind of
Rhonda S: Now,
Richelle Direny: And how old
Richelle Direny: How old are your boys.
Rhonda S: 34 and 36
Richelle Direny: Children.
Richelle Direny: We held or your grandchildren.
Rhonda S: And they
Rhonda S: All of my friends for two and 12
Richelle Direny: Okay, now your husband, um, those events a year ago, he wasn't diagnosed with any mental illness.
Rhonda S: Yes. See, depression, anxiety attacks.
Richelle Direny: And
Rhonda S: Medication for that.
Rhonda S: That Medicare. He was an alcoholic him and
Rhonda S: He got stresses of liver and that he quit drinking the six years ago would have been six years ago next month and
Rhonda S: Then he got liver cancer and get make it for simple fact that he had a red dress.
Richelle Direny: Because of the drinking
Richelle Direny: Yeah okay and
Rhonda S: I'm trying to get him to quit doing for years and it's
Rhonda S: Not until he was diagnosed with that he equated
Richelle Direny: How long did he have the cancer.
Rhonda S: And he a cancer that we found out he had it and then three weeks later he was down
Richelle Direny: For you. Was there any history of abuse, whether in your marriage and growing up as a child.
Richelle Direny: No, no type of trauma no physical, verbal sexual
Richelle Direny: Like that never
Richelle Direny: Do you have you had any past um suicidal thoughts or attempt on the final thoughts or no.
Richelle Direny: No, no type of self injurious behaviors.
Richelle Direny: In the past,
Richelle Direny: Like on probation and charges. No.
Rhonda S: No, no.
Richelle Direny: And with your, your grandchildren and Lisa Alice's 12. What about them any history of mental illness diagnosable
Yeah.
Rhonda S: There's two of them actually mess and adopted and
Rhonda S: Nice, my youngest son, they were told they couldn't have children and they adopted.
Rhonda S: Brother that passed away, they adopted his job and which they take care of the most is. LAUGH And then they adopted a little girl.
Rhonda S: She is for now.
Rhonda S: My youngest son adopted two children.
Richelle Direny: Which is your brother's children.
Rhonda S: One of them is my brothers and then the other one because my brother had passed away, they adopted his child.
Richelle Direny: Or has to your brother was really young on he had young
Rhonda S: Yeah, he was young and he had a little boy and he passed away when he was
Rhonda S: Seven. He's 12 now on my son or daughter, getting them and then they adopted a little girl and she was a week out and brought her out of the hospital.
Rhonda S: And now they're pregnant, she's
Rhonda S: Around after the doctor said
Richelle Direny: Your son adopted your niece and nephew.
Rhonda S: Now whenever of them's not here is one wasn't my brother is just one of them.
Richelle Direny: So what
Rhonda S: The other one was a they adopted through and they see as for a girl was on drugs and
Rhonda S: They took her baby.
Richelle Direny: So you're
Richelle Direny: Adopted do that child.
Rhonda S: Yes she was.
Rhonda S: She was addicted to drugs when she was born. So she they take your home, which is a week out
Rhonda S: And she's doing good. She's, she's for now. So
Richelle Direny: How was your brother, when he done
Richelle Direny: He said to
Rhonda S: Me when I had a sister passed when she was 48 and then
Rhonda S: My oldest brother and sister passed away and
Rhonda S: We want to both of them last year, two minutes apart.
Rhonda S: They had the same kind of cancer.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: So in years. He said, both your son in their 30s. Right.
Yes.
Rhonda S: I had my first one. When I was 17 when they're not even two years apart.
Richelle Direny: I now, your son is pregnant with his own biological child.
Rhonda S: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay, now in terms of a family history of substance abuse your children.
Richelle Direny: Your children have a history of substance abuse.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, no.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and that would kind of be with with the one son would that did the child because they were born addicted. Yeah. So, um, what about family history outside of I know your husband. But what about, like with your parents, your grandparents your sibling.
Rhonda S: Know why now well
Richelle Direny: Now they don't have any pass on them for any history of suicidal thoughts that you are aware of
Richelle Direny: No, no. Okay, so just for you. Just like it, especially in your
Richelle Direny: Extended family a lot of all of the deaths using has all been surrounded with cancer and your parents as well.
Rhonda S: He died out mom.
Rhonda S: My mother data, my dad. Dad shows to send the labor that my mom.
Rhonda S: Yeah.
Rhonda S: He's an alcoholic and I had to my brothers that were passed away now.
Richelle Direny: So what that
Richelle Direny: Was but that would fall within substance abuse or addiction.
Rhonda S: They were alcohol. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I guess it would
Rhonda S: Yeah, I had two brothers that were alcoholics.
Rhonda S: Both gone and then my youngest brother a drink.
Rhonda S: And
Richelle Direny: Drink. So the two brothers that passed away of both have cancer. It was liver cancer as well.
Richelle Direny: Yes, just like your husband.
Richelle Direny: Yes. Okay, so they both
Rhonda S: My dad, Dad.
Rhonda S: And my mom and she had a stroke.
Richelle Direny: Were you born and raised in Ohio or during Tennessee. Right.
Rhonda S: So say yeah
Richelle Direny: You're, you're born and raised in
Rhonda S: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Do you have, like, what is your support system there in Tennessee outside your children.
Rhonda S: Just my children.
Richelle Direny: Okay. In the past, have you ever gone to any meetings.
Rhonda S: No.
Richelle Direny: No. So this is like a whole new world for you outside of WHEN YOU WERE GOING TO THE 4.01 time that when they diagnose you with
Richelle Direny: When you had a mental breakdown in the dark zones with anxiety. You've never had, like, any kind of anxiety attacks or anything like that afterwards.
Rhonda S: Yeah, capital anxiety attacks.
Richelle Direny: Yes, yet a couple of now. Have you ever been like
Richelle Direny: admitted to the hospital.
Richelle Direny: Due to
Richelle Direny: Any attacks or just even with the mental breakdown, where you admitted to the
Rhonda S: Hospital. Yeah, I just didn't know. I'm like, man.
Rhonda S: As a hospital for a wall, and I ran that
Richelle Direny: So what is it that when you think about like being a part of this program. What is one thing that you would like to work.
Richelle Direny: For you, like, what is, what would you like to get out of this program.
Rhonda S: Is launches say time now and we're back pain pills.
Richelle Direny: Now I want you to break that down for me because I what I'm learning is that you know it's understanding when you say I want to stay clean. What does that mean for you. What does that look like for you.
Richelle Direny: When you
Richelle Direny: When you say stay clean
Richelle Direny: Not what everybody else says, But what does that mean for you, for you, knowing yourself. What does that mean for you.
Rhonda S: Oh won't show my name.
Rhonda S: I just want to stay off angles and I'm pretty sure that I can
Richelle Direny: Tell you want to go, you would want to be able to not not pain pills.
Richelle Direny: I'm now in when it comes on to the Suboxone because I, one of the things that I do find that a lot of people so that also helps with pain. So then you develop
Richelle Direny: Then you become where you like you really need this box. And so working towards. Eventually we have locks on is not an option because it has replaced
Richelle Direny: What the plane pills will do for you. What is your goal for that is concerned.
Rhonda S: On
Richelle Direny: This is one thing to just want to say
Yeah.
Rhonda S: I'm helping me to get office of awesome Sunday to
Rhonda S: Really want, I don't want the pain down anything
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you want to
Richelle Direny: Your you want to be able to meet independent on every anything, just to be able to
Richelle Direny: Me. Now, given that it's all from a medical point where for you with the the the beginning 13 years ago with starting on the pain meds. It was on pain related
Richelle Direny: And this is where you have to be realistic in your goal is, that's the reason why I says, what does that mean for you. Because I think when we say we want something
Richelle Direny: We don't really look, you don't really take into consideration all that comes with it and we'll go into it. We just make this blanket statement.
Richelle Direny: So when it comes on. So given that you were on it. What you're saying that you were on it because of pain, you're not on it because of your don't past trauma pass this like other people who have different reasons why they became dependent to something
Rhonda S: Yeah, I am. I'm on because I know if
Rhonda S: If
Richelle Direny: You're breaking it.
Rhonda S: Actually blocks and Johnson heels and I said and done that, then I would stay on the ideals.
Richelle Direny: You were breaking. You said you said actually the something and then he said,
Rhonda S: Actually that
Rhonda S: On Suboxone because I don't want to be on the ballot box and
Rhonda S: I definitely be on high heels.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Okay, so you have replaced
Richelle Direny: One, the dependency on the kind of pain pills that you were on. Now when you were on the pain pills. How many pain pills were you taking
Rhonda S: Um, about father your
Rhonda S: Father, that actually go down and then stop that still wasn't enough.
Richelle Direny: Okay, now
Richelle Direny: When you speak with the doctor.
Richelle Direny: When, in terms of whatever your pain when it's related to your pain, what has the doctor said to you, is it something like is it an underlying condition like what is causing your pain and in identifying what is causing your pain. Can you live.
Richelle Direny: One day become pain free or can the whatever is causing your pain if it's through surgery or what have you, like, what, what is from the medical perspective.
Rhonda S: What does the doctor had surgery, but I won't have it because
Richelle Direny: What is causing you put
Rhonda S: The my back and and
Rhonda S: It would be my back and they have requested surgery. And so no, because a lot of people had is a lot of shit out of stuff comes with it like a paralyzed for one and I
Rhonda S: Want that
Richelle Direny: So you fear the idea of if you had surged back surgery, you can compare
Richelle Direny: Yes.
Rhonda S: Okay if I had it. I will be
Rhonda S: pain free. So if they said
Now,
Richelle Direny: I know, understanding that, yes. Other people has have become paralyzed. Now, when you have had. Have you had
Richelle Direny: A in depth in forums getting educated on your type of surgery not other people's surgery or what they've gone through what you are, because
Richelle Direny: You're, you're you. You're as an individual is different. Your situations circumstances is different. You can have back surgery.
Richelle Direny: You come on fire. I have back surgery article in Paradise and he can happen. So in having this very informative conversation with the doctor.
Richelle Direny: Did he say that in granted, they cannot promise and they can't swear for anything, though some doctors think they can. But in having this very informative conversation with Dr.
Richelle Direny: When you express your thoughts about or your fears surrounding having back surgery.
Richelle Direny: What was the feedback you guys
Rhonda S: Tell me himself that I would have there was that city pursuits that that I want to walk so
Rhonda S: So it's a high percent
Richelle Direny: That's a pretty high percent
Rhonda S: Yeah, no.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so, but if you had the surgery, you would be pain free.
Rhonda S: Well,
Richelle Direny: So in this case, you're up. Not to have the surgery. So then therefore without the surgery you pretty much will have to manage your pain.
Richelle Direny: And so right now you're using the Suboxone to manage the pain.
Rhonda S: Well so lot about. I know if I had the Suboxone I'll be on the painkillers, because I I was addicted to Springfield, and I know that was because I took more than I was supposed to
Rhonda S: When I was in a clinic shut down about them off the street.
Richelle Direny: So with I'm going to shut down you bought the most of the street. So the intensity of the pain was so great that you have to take more than the required amount to subside to at least get
Rhonda S: Yo, yo, I'll take a nap for the pain and I just took more than I was posting
Richelle Direny: Did. That's what I mean. That's what I mean. If you
Richelle Direny: Have your pain if they say, take one. You're like, now I got to take to because to helps me better with the pain. That's what I guess what I mean. Um,
Richelle Direny: So when you think about your goal is to eventually if the doctor is saying, the only way for you to come out of the pain.
Richelle Direny: Or not be dependent upon any kind of pain medication is to have surgery. And if you're saying surgery comes with a 75% chance of loss in mobility.
Richelle Direny: Your face with two things. So realistically speaking when you're looking at a goal. You have to think about a realistic goal because based on what you're saying from the medical provider. He is saying that you will never be out of pain. You can only manage your pain. So then therefore
Richelle Direny: What has he recommended to help you in managing your pain.
Rhonda S: The sergeant as it
Richelle Direny: But outside of no remember
Richelle Direny: They said surgery, he rejected that he says well you could take a medication, but then you're saying, I don't want to be dependent upon a medication.
Richelle Direny: What is an alternative or something that I can add to help me would rehabilitation, help me like hockey not occupational therapy, physical therapy, is there something that can be implemented.
Richelle Direny: In conjunction with the pain medication to help to be able to manage because right now. Your goal of care is how can I manage my pain.
Rhonda S: I never thought that way. I mean, he didn't say anything except for just physical therapy.
Richelle Direny: And have you ever. Have you ever done the physical therapy.
Rhonda S: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. How was that for you.
Rhonda S: It.
Rhonda S: Didn't seem to help me anybody I see the thing that it does so.
Richelle Direny: No physical therapy. I hear everyone say physical therapy which were more pain than what you went in. Yeah.
Rhonda S: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: And a lot of it, it has to be aggressive. You have to, you know, feel the pain in order to get through it, but oftentimes we feel so much pain going into it that you just can't see the light at the end of the tunnel because
Richelle Direny: Right now.
Richelle Direny: Is just its pitch black. So
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I can't see any kind of life, but
Richelle Direny: When you're thinking about a goal. You're thinking of what you actually want to work on just making like a general blanket statement of I want to be independent of this particular thing.
Richelle Direny: That's fine. And that's a nice goal, but is it a realistic goal, is it a goal that you're never going to be able to attain. Is it a goal that you're never realistically ever going to be able to reach simply because
Richelle Direny: The things that requires for you to get to that goal.
Richelle Direny: It's like, it's like if someone is saying, you know, like those people who do the hurdles, like they're running a race in the hurdle and you have to jump over this bar.
Richelle Direny: You are not at the height and the level in your legs are not long enough for you to really go over this hurdle, but you're like,
Richelle Direny: I think I can. I think I can. I think a kid and somebody is coming. I know you can't. No, you can't. You too short. Your, your legs is too short. It's never going to be able to work.
Richelle Direny: You have to come up with another way to get her to reach this goal. And that's what I'm basically saying is that realistically, I mean,
Richelle Direny: It's nice that you want to be able to have that independence and I mean I am in support of that for you to be independent of anything. However, for you, not for everybody else. But for you.
Richelle Direny: Is that a realistic goal in comparison to work to in addition to managing your pain, you have to take these medication.
Richelle Direny: What in taking the medication. There are other things that you need to do. So you have high blood pressure.
Richelle Direny: You don't like the idea and concept of taking a pill every day to manage your blood pressure right you don't like the idea
Richelle Direny: But realistically speaking from a medical standpoint, what is going on inside of your body. Unfortunately, I know you don't want to pop a pill, but you have to
Richelle Direny: However, instead of taking instead of the doctor say I have to increase your dosage, or you have to take more you have to pop more pills per day.
Richelle Direny: What the doctor is saying is you could take this medication and you can stick with once a day tab. But these are all the things that you have to do.
Richelle Direny: To be able to keep your blood pressure at a stable level where we don't have to implement other things to manage the stability of your blood pressure.
Richelle Direny: You understand I'm saying, and that's and I'm not necessarily encouraging that you continue to take the meds. I'm just saying from a medical perspective.
Richelle Direny: Are you going to work with the medical provider or are you going to work against the grain, because then all you're going to do is may create more have it for yourself.
Richelle Direny: So when thinking about a goal. And this is something to think about. So when we meet in two weeks, three weeks.
Richelle Direny: Um, when we meet to discuss like your goals. It is to take that piece of it into perspective to say, you know, I want to eventually
Richelle Direny: Come off, but then hey, if the doctor is saying, well, you're always going to be in pain.
Richelle Direny: Because I understand, like, you know, you want to come out of pain. You want to come off these pain pills. All right, well, have the back surgery because of what was going on with your back.
Richelle Direny: And you have to didn't say, Do I really want to take this chance. Um, and have the surgery. So I'm not dependent upon anything
Richelle Direny: Well, no, I rather just manage the pain. So having an informed decision with the doctor, with a physical therapist with everybody else and say, How can I manage the pain. What are some things that I can do by myself.
Richelle Direny: To manage the pain without getting to the point where I'm not abusing this or I become so dependent on the Suboxone because anything can be abused Tylenol can be abused, anything that you get can be abused.
Richelle Direny: Well, it's like my big My little son he abuses, the little gummy vitamins, why you think he did these little gummy cuz I can't
Richelle Direny: Play candy right now, but he already took it already for the day.
Richelle Direny: And so you have to monitor it.
Richelle Direny: So, anything can be abused, it's
Richelle Direny: A matter of being aware, like what
Richelle Direny: What is your goal. And let's discuss the realistic piece of that goal. Okay.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: So something to think about. But we're, we're talking about it a little bit more get into depth and then we're going to create something when it comes on to your treatment plan of what your goal is.
Of
Richelle Direny: Managing your pain.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Do you have any questions for me.
Rhonda S: Oh,
Richelle Direny: No. Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right then. So I already scheduled you, for I believe it was the sixth at nine if we have to make
Rhonda S: Sure to follow long
Richelle Direny: Before. Yeah. Yeah. I thought for. And then I said six. Alright, so we'll do that. And then I'll see you
Rhonda S: All right.
Richelle Direny: Thank you so much.